#summary Rules used by my EAPM algorithm

=EAPM Rules=

The APM/EAPM charts calculates and shows APM and EAPM values based on my algorithm. APM stands for Action Per Minute. APM measures the amount of commands that would be given by a player in 1 minute. Higher APM means more activity. EAPM stands for Effective APM. EAPM measures the amount of useful/effective commands that would be given by a player in 1 minute. The algorithm uses different rules to classify actions _effective_ or _ineffective_.

*Commands that are considered to be _ineffective_:*

 * Unit queue overflow: if more than 5 units/subunits are trained in a short time
 * Too fast cancel: if a train, research, upgrade, hatch command gets cancelled right away
 * Too fast repetition of some command: move, stop, hold, hotkey assign
 * Too fast switch away from a selected unit or reselecting the same units (by too fast I mean there is not even time to check the state of the units); double tapping a hotkey to center a group of units is NOT considered ineffective
 * Repetition of some commands (without time restriction): hatch, morph, upgrade, research, build, cancel

*Commands that are _NOT_ considered ineffective:*
 * Double tapping a hotkey to center the group
 * Selecting unit(s) or building to check its state but not giving new order to it.
 * I do not check the target point of move commands: if they are close in time, the first is ineffective (unneccessary); if they are not close in time, they are both effective even if they point to the same location (issuing another move will cause Starcraft to recalculate path and therefore resulting in faster arriving in many cases).