#summary Frequently Asked Questions and answers regarding to BWHF Agent

=Frequently Asked Questions=

<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

If you have other common questions, post them here and I might include them.

===Q: Does BWHF Agent detect only autogather/autotrain?===
A: Hell no! By default, the Agent stops scanning further actions of a player if a hack has been identified. And since autogather/autotrain is the first hack it looks for, that is the most common hack that it will alert for. If you want to know the full hack list that were detected, you can disable this _fast scan_ by unchecking the "During a replay scan if a player is found hacking..." option on the general settings tab.

===Q: Could it be that someone is alerted for hacking because of lag?===
A: No. Lag is known and is built into the scan engine.

===Q: Does BWHF Agent detect maphacks?===
A: Some but not all by far.

===Q: Is BWHF Agent allowed on iCCup?===
A: Yes. Since it does not interact with Starcraft at all (it does not read or write Starcraft's memory), it can be used anywhere with or without any other launchers.

===Q: Is latency changer (not Chaos LAN latency) considered as hack?===
A: Not by the Agent.

===Q: Why doesn't work the player checker for me in the game lobby?===
A: The 3 main important things to keep in mind about player checker: 1) you have to press the Print Screen key, 2) it will only alert for hackers reported with the same gateway you have set on your autoscan tab, 3) as far as I know Advloader disables making screenshot in the lobby, so it probably won't work with Advloader on. For more information check out the last section on this page: ErrorsAndSolutions

===Q: My name is on the hacker list but I don't hack. What can I do?===
A: If you never hack but you're on the hacker list, contact me and try to convience me. My gmail user name is *iczaaa*. Drop me an email.