#summary Describes the online hacker database.

=BWHF Online Hacker Database=

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

The BWHF online hacker database is available here:

[http://bwhf.net/hackerdb/hackers]

On that page you can list, search, filter, sort existing hackers. The hackers are listed in colors to easily associate with their gateways (which is also displayed). The following colors are used for gateways:
|| *Gateway:* || *Color:* ||
||USEast||Red <font color="#ff5050">Red</font>||
||USWest||Aqua <font color="#00ffff">Aqua</font>||
||Europe||Green <font color="#00ff00">Green</font>||
||Asia||Yellow <font color="#ffff00">Yellow</font>||
||iCCup||Black <font color="#000000">Black</font>||
||Other||Purple <font color="#f080f0">Purple</font>||

==Filtering==

You can filter the hackers with various properties. Only reports matching all the filters will be counted and displayed.

A report/hacker will be counted if:
 * *Hacker name:* the hacker name contains this lowercased text
 * *Gateways:* the hacker belongs to one of the selected gateways
 * *Game engines:* the replay of the report has been played with one of the selected game engines
 * *Map name:* the map of the replay of the report contains this lowercased text
 * *Min report count:* the hacker has received at least reports of this count
 * *Reported with key:* the report was done using this key; you can use this to list your own reports/hackers

==Sorting==

You can sort the results by clicking on the header of the column you want to sort by. Clicking on the same column again will change the sort order (reverse it).

The columns and their meaning:
 * *#:* the ordinal of the hacker in the current sorting
 * *Name:* the name of the hacker
 * *Gateway:* the gatway of the hacker
 * *Report count:* the number of reports of the hacker
 * *First reported:* the date and time of when the first report of the hacker arrived; this has the meaning of how long has been the hacker hacking, or rather when was he first recorded in the database
 * *Last reported:* the date and time of when the last report of the hacker arrived; this has the meaning of when was the last activity of the hacker, or rather when was he last recorded

Note that all times and dates are in the server's time zone which is GMT+1 (CET and CEST).

The *First reported* column shows how long the hacker is using hacks and the *Last reported* column shows how recently was the hacker active (based on the reports arrived to the BWHF system).

The default sorting column is the *Last reported* column, which puts the most recent active hackers to the top of the list. Sorting by the *First reported* column puts the newest hackers to the top of the list (again, based on the reports arrived to the BWHF system).