#summary This page describes how the player matcher works in BWHF Agent.

=Player Matcher=
Player matcher allows you to select any replays, and it will analyze all of them and compare all players across the selected replays individually. Afte the analysis it displays the result in a table. The table contains the *extent of authoritativeness* of the comparision, the *matching probability* of the 2 players and the names of the players and the replay files. You can choose whether to compare players with same name too. The comparisions can go really high if you select many replays, so there is option to set the display tresholds of the authoritativeness and the matching probability.

*BWHF Agent pairs all players from every replays with all other players from all other replays! The matching pairs grow exponentially with the number of replays. Always keep a reasonable display treshold which you can lower anytime if the result is insufficient!*
(For example without display treshold: if you select 10 replays with 6 players in each, that's 60 players, each of them would be compared with 54 other players which gives us 3240 rows!)

If you double click with the left button on a match, replay #1 will be opened on the charts tab. If you double click with the right button, replay #2 will be opened on the charts tab. Clicking on the column headers will sort the table. Clicking again will reverse the sort order.

==Extent of authoritativeness==
The extent of authoritativeness tells you how much you can rely on the result of the analysis. For example comparing 2 players from 2 replays where the first player was zerg in a 2-minute long game from 5 years ago and the second player was protoss in a 30-minute long game played just today, that comparision result is good for absolutely nothing regardless what the result is.

The following properties are taken into account when determining the extent of authoritativeness:
 * *Races:* Comparing different races are a huge setback (the matching algorithm operates on action distribution which naturally changes with races).
 * *APM:* Difference in APM is an obvious negative factor.
 * *Duration:* If games differ in duration, the action distribution might change drastically (gather and micro focused on early, macro later on).
 * *Replay save time:* Playing style changes over time. Replays from different ages are not very authoritative.


==Matching probability==
The algorithm which calculates the matching probability is mainly based on the action distribution and the used hotkeys. It calculates a number between 0 and 100. 100 means the 2 players have exactly the same playing style, 0 means they don't look similar at all.

The algorithm examines the following properties:
 * Hotkey actions (assing, select, add) usage
 * Select action usage
 * Shift-select action usage
 * Rally set action usage
 * Move action usage
 * Attack move action usage
 * The usage of the different hotkeys (0..9)