#summary This page describes how replay search works in BWHF Agent.

=Replay search in BWHF Agent=

The Replay search tab in BWHF Agent let's you search replays by various conditions. If you don't touch any filters, the search returns all the input replays. If you specify some conditions, they will be in logical _AND_ connection.

==Replay filter fields==
There are different types of filter fields. When there are some predefined values, you will see them listed with checkboxes. You can check any that you're interested in. They will be in logical connection: if any of the selected values apply to a replay, the replay will be included in the results.

Values entered to text fields are case insensitive. When you search a text field (such as map name or player name), you can specify a single value or a comma separated value. Note that values entered here will be trimmed: redundant spaces will be removed from the beginning and from the end of the entered values. Text fields have an _Exact match_ option: if this is selected, the entered value must match exactly the replay property they apply to, else the entered value may be a substring. Text fields also have a _Regexp_ option: if this is checked, the entered value will be interpreted as a _regular expression_. With regular expression you can define _patterns_ which can match lot of values. You can see some examples below on this page.

There are some fields which can have values from a wide range. In these cases the filer is an interval filter: you can define the minimal and the maximal accepted values. You are allowed to only set one of them, and then the other end of the interval will not be limited. When the interval is limited to some valid values, you will see a combo box with the valid values, and you can select the one you wish to set as the limit.

==Search execution buttons==
Search can be executed by specifying the set of replay to search. The currently running search can be terminated at any time with the *Stop current search* button.

There are several buttons to define the source replays of search:
 * *Select files* button: you can select multiple replay files to search.
 * *Select folders to search recursively* button: you can select folders of replays to search recursively.
 * *Repeat search* button: the search will be repeated on the same replays as the last search but with the new specified or changed filters of course.
 * *Search in previous results (narrows previous result)* button: the search will be executed on the result of the last search. You can filter previous results with this button.