#summary Version history and changes in BWHF Agent.

=BWHF Agent version history=

<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

----
===2.61 2009-08-26===
 * Map size was taken from the map data section of the replays which contains 0 width and height in some cases. In these cases the data recorded in the replay header is used. This fixes false build anywhere hack alerts.

----
===2.60 2009-08-26===
 * Changed the horizontal tab bar to a vertical navigation panel.
 * A new *Server monitor* tab. On this tab you can check the online status of the battle.net servers and Starcraft websites. You can edit the list to add any of your websites (or any other servers) or to remove sites you don't care about. Basically you can add any server that listens on a TCP port (like ftp, online video and audio streams etc.). If a server is offline, you can start *monitoring* it. When the server goes online again, you will hear an alert sound. You can set the re-check time interval of the monitored servers. You can open the listed web sites with a click.
 * New filters on the Player matcher tab: _"Show only matches of players"_ and _"Exclude matches with players"_. You can enter a comma separated list in each. The first one will filter out matches that *do not* contain any of the players entered here. The second filter will filter out matches that *do* contain any of the players entered here. These 2 filters can be used together or independently. The excluder filter is the stronger one.
 * New setting on the Player matcher tab: _"Max displayable results"_. If the provided thresholds allow more results, you don't have to worry about the Agent hanging or working too long. The highest matches with the best authoritativeness will be kept and the worse results will be thrown away.
 * Added a startup splash image.
 * Added hand cursor to the chart canvas.
 * Fixed a bug which returned a false map size if it was a non-standard size (now it's read from the map data section, the replay header contains wrong value).

----
===2.50 2009-08-04===
 * A new *Player matcher* tab. On this tab you can select replays or folder of replays, and BWHF Agent will analyze the replays, compare all players across all selected replays, and display the matching probability for the players. Replays and their players are compared individually, statistics of a specific player across multiple replays is not processed.
 * New setting on the PCX converter tab: *Resize converted images*. With this you can change the size of the converted images. This can be useful if you want to post the screenshots on forums where the allowed images are limited (either in dimension or in size).
 * New operation in the context menu of replay search tab: "Check player matches".
 * *Detection of subunit (scarab/interceptor) enqueue hack.*
 * Bugfix in replay search (did not handle latest save date).
 * Optimizations and other minor bugfixes.

----
===2.42 2009-06-29===
 * Replay autosave function (and therefore autoscan and report) was not working properly in version 2.40 and 2.41. This is fixed now.

----
===2.41 2009-06-29===
 * Autosending info about last replay did not include gateway information. It is added now.

----
===2.40 2009-06-29===
 * A new *Players' Network* tab where you can add any old replays (or folder of replays recursively) to the Players' Network. You can enable/disable autosending info about '!LastReplay.rep'. Sending twice exactly the same replay will only appear in the database once.
 * New operation in the replay search tab's context menu: "Send to Players' Network".
 * New setting on the autoscan tab: 'Use short names for autosaved replays'.
 * Fixed a bug which prevented game chat extraction from games containing computer players.
 * Fixed some rendering bugs wich occured on Windows Vista.
 * Some other minor fixes.

----
===2.30 2009-05-12===
 * *Added new icons* to tabs and buttons (user interface is much more friendly this way).
 * New *Previous replay* and *Next replay* buttons on the charts tab to navigate easily between the replays of the replay search tab. If there are more than 1 replays selected, the buttons will iterate through the selected replays. If there are no selected replays, these buttons will iterate through all replays of the result table.
 * New setting on the player checker tab: *Say "clean" if no hackers found*. This way you can be sure a player check was performed but no hackers found in the game lobby.
 * A new *"Column setup..."* button on the replay search tab to customize replay columns order.
 * Clicking on the column headers in the replay search tab will *sort the table*. Clicking again on the same column will reverse the order.
 * New setting on the charts tab: *Display actions in seconds*.
 * Removed the replay handler buttons from the search tab, and added a context menu (right click popup menu) to the result table. You can find here all operations that were available through the buttons. This gives more space to the result table.
 * New setting on the general settings tab: *Replay list to load on startup*. Note that if you select a big list with thousands of replays, it might significantly slow down the startup of BWHF Agent.
 * Hide search filters state is now saved and remembered on next startup.
 * New replay operation: *Edit comment*. Comments can be added to replays in the result list. The comments are saved in the replay list files.
 * New replay operation: *Rename replay*.
 * New replay operation: *Group rename replays*. Group rename operates on a template. This template can contain any text and special symbols. Special symbols will be substituted with proper text when renaming specific replays. Valid symbols are: */n* - the name of the original replay; */e* - the extension of the original replay (usually 'rep'); */c* - a counter which starts from 1 and will be incremented by 1 at each use. With this you can easily rename many replays. Let's say you have 20 tournament replays. You can select those replays and click on group rename. Give a template of _"Tourney reps /c./e"_. This will rename all those reps to _"Tourney reps 1.rep"_, _"Tourney reps 2.rep"_ etc. You can preview the new names before proceeding to rename.
 * New replay operation: *Open replay's folder in explorer*.
 * Modified the *build anywhere* hack detection to recognize more cases.
 * Some minor bugfixes.

Note that if you make changes on the result list such as edit/add a comment, sort the table or rename replays, you have to save the list to keep the changes.

----
===2.21 2009-04-24===
 * Modified the Player checker to properly recognize game lobby screenshots (apparently there are minor variations of the picture of game lobby on different computers).
 * New setting on the Player checker tab: "Echo recognized player names in the log below".
 * Fine-tuned the general multicommand hack detection (fixes a false alert).

----
===2.20 2009-04-21===
 * A new *Player checker* tab where you can enable *checking players in the game lobby BEFORE game*. If players in the game lobby has already been reported as hackers, you will get an alert sound indicating the slots of the hackers you're in the same game with. For example: _"hacker at slot 3"_. This check is implemented in a way that BWHF Agent *still remains legit*, BWHF Agent obtains the player names *WITHOUT* reading Starcraft's memory (uses image processing and text recognition)! A local cache of the hacker list is kept in the Agent's folder which is automatically updated in an interval of your choice or at will at anytime. The player check will conform to the gateway set in you autoscan tab and to the reported gateways of the hackers.
 * On the Player checker tab you can choose *your own extra list of players* who you want to check whether they are in the same game as you. You can use this list to enumerate players who you think hack or you don't want to play with or you just want to remember them but they are not int the BWHF hacker database. The format of the custom player list file is very simple: every line contains a player, the line starts with a number identifying the gateway and after that the player name separated with a comma. Valid gateways are: 0-USEast, 1-USWest, 2-Europe, 3-Asia, 4-iCCup, 5-Other
 * *Autoscan now reads out loud the hackers' colors and races*, so you will know who hacked in your last game without switching (alt+tab) to BWHF Agent. For example: _"hacker blue protoss"_.
 * Added 2 new buttons to the Replay search tab: *Save result list* and *Load result list*. With these buttons you can create your own quickly accessible replay lists like tournament replays, replays of a specific player, a list with all your replays etc. After loading a list, you can filter it, export replays, open on charts etc. The saved replay list is a single tab separated list, *you can open it with Excel* for example to do whatever you want with it.
 * Added a new 'Append results to table' setting on the replay search tab. If this is checked, the search result will simple be added to the table, the previous result will not be cleared. If search fields are not changed, all selected replays will simple be added to the previous results.
 * New setting on the general settings tab to set the default replay lists folder.
 * New setting on the general settings tab to select a program to view/edit files.
 * Added a new 'View entire log' button to all tabs which have a log text area. This button opens the proper log file in the editor set in the general settings tab.
 * If updates are available, the window icon and the tray icon is changed to a blue pill image.
 * Some other minor bug fixes.

----
===2.00 2009-04-01===
 * New *System Tray* icon for BWHF Agent. You can control BWHF Agent through the system tray: start Starcraft, change gateway, operate on !LastReplay.rep (like show on charts, display game chat, scan for hacks), hide/restore the main window, disable the tray icon, close the agent.
 * A new *Replay search* tab. You can search replays by any of the header fields (including game engine, game name, creator name, map name, player name, player race, _player color_, duration, save date, _version_, map size, _game type_). Text fields can be filtered as substrings or as exact match. You may enter comma separated lists, or you can even use _regular expressions_ to filter. Search result can be searched again (narrowing the results), can be scanned, shown on charts, copied, moved, deleted, or game chat can be extracted from them.
 * A new *Strategy* chart type. This chart is similar to the build orders chart. For now it displays the following strategy actions: _Expand_ (when Nexus, CC or Hatchery is built), _Defense_ (when Bunker, Cannon or Sunken is built), _Drop_ (when unload commands are given), _Recall_, _Nuke_ (when Nuke is launched) and _Nydus_ (when Nydus is built).
 * A new *Overall APM* chart type. This chart displays the overall APM from the beginning of the game at every time. You can see how different game phases (like micro in the early, macro in the late) changes players' APM in overall. Ascendent chart means the player becomes more active later when more units and macro come into play, descendent chart means the bigger part of the players' APM come from early game (probably spamming when there are less things to do). Even though these things can be read from the APM chart, this is a new way to look at it. Since overall APM chart is quite flat compared to the momentary APM chart, this gives a much cleaner look if all players are displayed on the same chart.
 * Settings on the general settings tab to enable/disable the system tray, to minimize window always to system tray and to start the agent minimized to tray. This can be useful if you want to autostart the agent when you log in to windows (linking BWHF Agent into your Startup menu for example). That way you can be sure the agent will be running and will scan your replays even if you start Starcraft with another launcher. But starting Starcraft will be available with just 2 clicks from your tray icon.
 * Added a button to minimize to tray below the window state changer buttons.
 * Added a button on the game chat tab to display game chat from any replay file (not just  '!LastReplay.rep'). Extracting game chat from replays to text files is still available.
 * Setting to enable/disable saving and remembering window position.
 * Added a new icon to the window and to the starter `BWHFAgent.exe` file.
 * Regrouped user interface components.
 * Extracted game chat now contains version information.
 * *Detection of use cheat drophack.*
 * *Detection of some build anywhere hack.*

----
===1.51 2009-03-18===
 * Bugfix: added UMS game type check for invalid ally and vision commands (invalid ally-vision commands are possible in UMS-type games).

----
===1.50 2009-03-17===
 * Players' action list is now displayed in the charts tab. Action list or any part of it *can be exported* simply by selecting and coping it to the clipboard.
 * Added a *Jump to iteration* option to jump to any iteration or one being _close_ to it.
 * Added a universal *Search text* option to the action list. The search text can be multiple words or a fraction of a word and can aim anything that is visible in the action list: player name, action name, unit name, upgrade etc.
 * Added a *Filter actions* option to filter the displayed actions. This option filters out the actions that do not contain the entered filter text. This can be used for example to filter down to any select actions (like Select, Shift Select, Shift Deselect, Hotkey Select etc.) or to find any actions that relates to Zealot (Train Zealot, Upgrade Zealot speed). The filter text might contain several words which will be in logical AND connection by default. Writing out AND is not needed but it's not a syntax error. The filter terms: "`train zealot`" and "`train and zealot`" are equal. However you can use logical OR connection too by explicitly writing `or` between words. These 2 logical operators (AND and OR) can be combined in any way. For example the result of setting the filter text: "`hatch or train zealot or dragoon`" will display only those actions that contain the single word `hatch` _or_ contain both words `train` _and_ `zealot` _or_ contains the single word `dragoon`. Note that the logical AND has a higher precedence than OR.
 * *Replaced the starter `BWHFAgent.exe` file* because the old one was flagged as a trojan by some minor antivirus programs.
 * If a replay file is passed to any of the starter scripts or exe, it will be opened in the charts tab by default. If you associate replay files with one of BWHF Agent's script files, the replay will be opened in the charts tab if you double click on the replay (this only works with the script files).
 * Detection of invalid ally and vision commands which can be used to drop players.
 * Components are now centered properly when window is enlarged.

----
===1.40 2009-03-04===
 * A new *Charts* tab. Setting for visalizing all players on separate or on one chart with any chart type (gives the possibility to compare the speed of players on the Build order chart for example). Setting to draw charts using players' in-game colors to easily associate. Setting for auto-disabling players with less than 30 APM.
 * *APM* chart to visualize players' APMs customizable by detail level in pixels. Detected hack actions are marked in the charts.
 * *Hotkeys* chart to show players' hotkey usage. Setting for showing/hiding select hotkeys.
 * *Build order* chart to visualize buildings and units built/trained by the players. Setting to show/hide units in the charts. Setting for showing/hiding worker units (such as SCV, probe, drone). Note that only the build/train/hatch actions are visualized which are not neccessarily the same as the buildings/units that really get built/trained. Setting for changing the build order display levels.
 * *Now available for Linux too!*
 * New setting on the general settings tab: "Start folder when selecting replay files". This folder will be the start location when you want to select replay files on any tab.
 * Extracting game chat now contains more info about players: their in-game colors and the number of their actions (along with their races and APMs).
 * Updated the scan engine to detect a new variation of autogather/multicommand hack.
 * Fixed a bug which caused the agent's window to "blink" or resized when some button was pressed ("Check key" example).

----
===1.30 2009-02-18===
 * New setting to create and open a *detailed HTML summary report* at the end of manual scan. These HTML reports are also saved in the `HTML reports` folder so you can view them later or share them on the internet.
 * Added a button to the manual scan tab to open previous HTML reports.
 * New setting to clean the 'hack' flag from replays where no hackers were found during the scan on the manual scan tab.
 * Added a *progress bar* to the manual scan, PCX converter and Game chat tabs.
 * Game chat extraction now contains more info about players (race and APM).
 * Fixed a bug which occasionally caused `LastReplay.rep` to be saved and scanned (and reported hackers if found) twice when changed.
 * Players using latency changer program might occasionally got reported using autogather/autotrain hack. This is no longer the case.
 * Logged text areas have more descriptive titles.
 * Renamed `settings.properites` to `settings.properties`.

----
===1.20 2009-02-03===
 * A new *PCX converter* tab which can convert your Starcraft PCX screenshot files to JPG, GIF, PNG or BMP image files. The tab has an auto converter feature which automatically converts your Starcraft screenshots so you don't have to do it manually. You will find the JPG (or PNG or GIF or BMP) screenshots in your Starcraft directory right away as if Starcraft would save the screenshots in JPG format (or in the format of your choice) in the first place.
 * A new *Game chat* tab which can extract replay header information and game chat from replays and save them to text files.
 * It is displayed if Starcraft folder is set correctly, and the 'Start/Switch to Starcraft' button is enabled based on that.
 * Moved `BWHFAgent.jar` to the `lib` folder to avoid launching misunderstanding and added a `BWHFAgent.exe` starter program.
 * Fixed an error which caused scanning a replay with no actions to fail.
 * Fine-tuned the general multicommand hack detection to fix 2 false alerts.
 * Updated the binary replay parser to recognize and parse game chat commands properly (which was introduced in Starcraft version 1.16).

----
===1.10 2009-01-12===
 * Added option to define the position (beginning or end) where to flag hacker replays on the Manual scan tab.
 * Added volume control setting for alert sounds.
 * Handling a kind of replay corruption (fixes a false alert).
 * Hack report at the end of manual scan is built with no case sensitivity in hacker's name, and the list is sorted by name.

----
===1.00 2008-12-30===
 * Fixed a bug which caused the scan process to hang when tried to scan a replay with actions starting at iteration 0.
 * Fixed a false multicommand hack alert.
 * Changed the generated names of the autosaved replays (the previous one was too long and Starcraft couldn't play it without renaming).

----
===0.99 2008-12-28===
The first public release.